hey there this is Stacey I hope
everyone's having a good day I thought
what I would do today is come on and
show you guys some of the jewelry that
I'm selling I ended up going ahead and
putting some listings on ebay because I
thought that kind of be the easiest way
to handle it that way you know first
come first serve sort of a thing and
that way I can have you just pay through
there and I don't think there was a way
for me to combine shipping that I could
see so if you do purchase more than one
item just i'll hopefully notice that and
i can combine shipping and all and i try
to be as fair as i can on shipping like
if you wanted a bracelet pretty much 250
for shipping 375 for anywhere out of the
US and so hopefully that'll work out for
all of us so I thought what I would do
is come on and show you some of the
things and also tell you how this all
started for me way back when probably
about 14 or 15 years ago I started
selling some jewelry and I had a
business and a website and I'm talking
away back when like I said 14 or 15
years ago and my website was the jewels
want was the jewels actually I think it
was ww jewels calm and I had to do the
jewels calm because jewels was taken and
then I ended up having the jewels and
then when I started selling some stuff
on eBay I had to add the 1 2 3 to the
end and lo and behold come full circle
that's what my youtube username is just
because when I signed up for YouTube I
kind of wanted it to be something that I
would remember and I don't know it's
just kind of weird and crazy you know my
website I changed to make up obsess mom
for my little blog and I'm just sort of
makeup obsessed mom aka the jewels one
two three so anyway I thought it'd be
fun to kind of come on here and show you
some of the things because sometimes
it's hard to tell in just a picture on
the web so this is just a couple of the
items this is just a cute bracelet and
it's kind of that chinese knot tight
bracelet and if you can see here these
little balls have little crystals all
around them and they kind of have a
little bit of a gold background that
they're kind
of put into however you say that I'm not
sure and then it has a little like Macra
made sort of Chinese not and it has
these two little gold balls on the end
and so what you do is you open the
bracelet like this you just pull the
string put your hand in so it pretty
much fits most people a big or small
bone and just pull it close like that
and you can do it yourself so that's
just a really cute fun bracelet I think
you can combine it with other things you
know it's got the gold tone in there and
maybe add some gold bangles and stuff
and I'm going to show you a couple
little gold bangles that I have as well
so that's the first one and those are
ten dollars then another style of it is
another one that I had shown in my
giveaway and it's this one here so it's
got the black onyx speed some little
sort of like a dime and i think they
call this more like a black diamond to
kind of a color in the crystal it's kind
of like a most like that's just like a
smoke kind of a color and then these
little balls are just a little white
ball that has little silver crystals all
around and again you pull it open like
that put your hand in and I do have
several of these on there you know it's
not just one for one person so that's
kind of fun this is a great one for
obviously learned with black and kind of
wearing you around just because it's got
the white the black and we all wear
black so much i think these days this
one is another one with the Chinese not
and this one is freshwater pearls just
kind of some big chunky freshwater
pearls so I thought that was fun you
guys know I love pearls again fresh
Chinese not type class or closure and
you just pull that put your hand in and
pull that to close it I'm sorry I can't
do that by myself for some reason anyway
this one just looks like this I can't
kick that one close by myself with one
hand but anyway another cute bracelet
you know you could even wear them
together those two together would be
cute I'm all for layering I love layered
things obviously I have on my rose gold
layer chain today with my rose gold ring
that I got for my birthday
okay so another bracelet that I have on
there is it's called a wrap bracelet and
it's all real stones and you can see
there's just kind of like a coral orange
esai type of color this bright for sort
of fuchsia purple color and then a
lighter lavender pink kind of a color
and I kind of tied together with a
ribbon it's kind of how it came I took
it apart to photograph it but um I'll
just sort of stick my hand in here so
you can kind of get the general idea
what this one looks like and this one's
in a lighter tan color and it has you
know where you would wrap it around
several times probably at least three
times I think they're 32 inches long but
you it has this on the end here so
there's three different areas where you
can put the class so that way you can
adjust the size so again it's one that
will fit most people and it has those
stones like that and then it also has
some little silver beads there to kind
of mix it up so I like that mixed media
kind of thing I like it in my clothes I
like it in my jewelry I just think it's
a lot of fun so there's that and these
retail for over thirty dollars but I'm
selling them for twenty-five dollars I
don't want to be you know I want to make
it kind of more fun where you know more
people can have access to this stuff and
I will show another one this one is a
cute bangle set it looks like this and
it's just a gold-tone and there's one
two three four five six seven bracelets
so some of them are just the plain
hammered gold tone and then others are
like this and they have just clear
crystals kind of like in a bezel-set so
i will put that one on I'm sorry stuck
on my ring just got the tag in the way
there but um here's this so that's just
kind of a fun set to where's um I know a
lot of people like bangles I do too so
there's those and they're not overly
huge and they're not real small I am
very very small boned and a lot of the
bracelets kind of come
off me but this one would be a tolerable
one for me you know it would stay on
okay and I know a lot of people like to
work you know with other things too you
could wear for example this with it
because um it's got the gold in it so
that might be cute together and you
don't have to wear them all together you
can if you wanted you could wear just
the gold ones alone you could wear just
the crystal ones alone or mix it up so
that's just a couple of the things so
i'll put the link down below to how i
think you would access my items for sale
and my username of course on ebay is the
jewels one two three so you might be
able to look it up that way but i will
put a link down below you might have to
cut and paste i'm not sure if it'll be a
direct length or not but i will try so
that's just a couple of the things i
wanted to share for today i went and got
just a huge bag of fun fun things so
anyway hope everyone's having a great
day and I will see you again soon thank
you so much for watching